chore(components, docs): remove the post-login-widget (#7883)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/honest-webs-double.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': major
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': major
---

> Removed the `post-login-widget` component. The user menu can be built using the `post-menu` component by following [the header documentation](https://swisspost-design-system-next.netlify.app/?path=/docs/27a2e64d-55ba-492d-ab79-5f7c5e818498--docs#logged-in).

Reviewer: I don't think we should have links to the docs on the changeset. When the v10 is gonna be launched, I'm guessing it's not gonna be called "next" anymore so that link will probably be broken.

```suggestion
Removed the `post-login-widget` component. The user menu can be built using the `post-menu` component by following the "Logged in" section in the header documentation.
```
